hey guys what's up its your Asian
brother here again corrupted here and I
guess I'm pretty nice gameplay I do
start the game late but the theater mode
didn't I had a problem with my PVR so I
didn't really capture the first part of
this but you didn't really miss much on
anything I get that many kills but i'm
using the pp whatever i really like this
submachine gun i think it's one of the
best but i think what Infinity Ward did
with the guns I think they did a really
good job at making them all really good
because I haven't i've used quite a lot
of the guns like I've told you in some
of my previous videos and I think that's
what you guys should do too and now I'm
want to talk maybe a touchy matter today
and that is trying to have fun in this
game now I've there's been a lot of
complaining about this and you know it's
in human nature to complain but I really
think that this is one of the better
better games out of the call of duty
series and I think that the best way to
have fun is just to not care pretty much
like there's been a lot of people like
being oh look at my Katie and this and
that you know I think that the best way
to have fun in the game like this is
just not worry about that i mean there's
been a lot of stressing over stats like
that and you know if you really care
about to us then you know i don't think
you should play a game like this maybe
play something that's less stressful
because there is a lot of things that
could happen and it's just not healthy
for you guys so you really got to just
you know just have fun and just not care
about things like stats and stuff like
that because you know what's the point i
mean the are you gonna get a girl by
saying you have a 5k dr or something
like hey how are you oh so what's your
kdr oh yeah 25 k do oh my god that is so
hot oh yeah it's not going to happen
guys you know just have fun with it and
that's probably I mean a game is made to
take it's just sort of escape from
reality escape from all the bullshit in
the world just you know have fun and
stuff like that and you don't want to be
putting in a disc of one EA games and be
stressing over that because honestly
there's no point to it like you know I
don't see any real point in
having statistic high statistics I mean
it's just a number and yeah just have
fun guys it's the best way just play
with whatever gun you feel like doing
play however you want to play because
you know its your game you shouldn't be
told how to play it and just you know
have fun it's probably the best way and
you know like I've mentioned I know
there are a lot of people out there
being spectacle about you know whether
or not they should pick up this game
just because a lot of people saying it's
better with it you know it's your
decision but I think this is quite a fun
game if you you know overlook all those
statistics and stuff like that but you
know just try to I'll give me a sec so
my phone just okay um I'm just gonna go
to message for my friend but yeah I'm
getting back to the fact is this game is
a lot of fun and in fact all games are a
lot of fun he's got a over you know
always try to look at the good things in
a game and not too much of the bad
things because if you always look for
the worse than the things you probably
will try to you probably will find it I
mean some games have more bullshit than
the others but you know if you actually
try and look for it then you're going to
find it whatever you seek you will find
so just try to overlook it and just get
over it and you know have fun enjoy the
game that's what gaming's for that's why
get the real purpose of gaming was and
just you know have fun with it anyway I
do this what are you guys thoughts on
the maps of modern warfare 3 because you
know I think they're all pretty similar
I mean I haven't for me I actually
thought that they'll blocking some out
but then I realized i went to the
private lobby and I actually looked at
all of them and they'll I realized that
there were 16 maps but they're all quite
similar but I do have some favorites
missions man I think some of my
favorites probably hard hat hard hat is
one of my favorite maps and also arc
arca de noir whatever like one of those
maps are think they're some of my
favorites let me know what your guys
favorite are and whether or not you care
about Katie but you know if you if you
haven't started carrying on you still
are then don't don't have a cry over it
just have fun
best way and let me know if you guys are
going to get the map packs because I
actually didn't get call of duty the
elite beta 0 beta I haven't actually
gotten the call of duty elite thing so i
might think about getting that anyway
guys if you could like the video comment
down below what do you think what are
your thoughts on the maps and katie and
stuff like that if you can play with the
video that would be amazing if you
haven't already subscribe and as always
stay fresh